How many years did the Liberals stay in office after the 1949 election?
In what film did a parody of the "Win one for the Gipper" speech appear?
How many cantons were there between 1353 to 1481?
What was it in 2014?
What was anthropology diversified into dozens of?
How long after the annexation of Kresy was the amendment made?
Which publication was unhappy with the amount of non-athlete torchbearers?
What was the earliest known writing about dye from Aermenian cochineal?
How many people across the Tibetan Plateau speak 'greater Tibetan'?
Who first brought a postal service into Umayyad lands?
Who was Barcelona's top scorer?
In what year did Josip Broz Tito die?
In what year did Canada put out a coin to commemorate the Silver Dart?
What brought the defeat of the Allobrogi?
What are the D+ and D- shortened with?
Who constantly selected unaspirated characters?
Who appoints a judge?
Is it important to know how information is coded in the brain?
Royal assent is a process of approving a nation's legislative acts by whom?
What rare breed of deer is protected at the Deer Sanctuary at Theydon Bois?
Who was Keir Hardie's opponent?
In what year was the foundation stone of New Delhi laid?
Where are opto-isolators found?
Who are the six officials of The Order?
When were the Serranos Towers constructed?
In how many births do spontaneous cases of haemophilia arise?
In trials of genocidal crimes, what responsibly party is difficult to prosecute?
What did Nintendo use instead of the word console?
Greater London is divided into what two groups of boroughs?
In 2004, what city ranked third poorest in America?
Villa became an enemy of whom?
What was the dominant sacred musical form in the early 13th century?
In which mountain cave did Mohammad experience his first revelation?
Who wrote the book, The Computer and the Brain?
What body passed the Declaration of State Sovereignty of the Russian SFSR?
Who did Seminoles harbor
Outside of state funded schools, and funds coming from donors, how might a university collect funds?
What form began to take shape during the Baroque era?
What Marvel movie featured Star-Lord and Gamora?
A conceptual data model in separate from the choice of what?
What are smaller and easier to understand groups broken down into?
What is the US dollar based upon?
Prior to what century had there been little contact between western europe and greek civilization?
How is the slang term for the people of Burma articulated correctly ?
Who did Philip V seek an alliance with?
Where do the Blue Ridge Mountains begin?
Who said he had 'war-gamed' the US?
Who's written works used repitition that was similar to Cubist art?
Who does the Cumberlandsche Galerie belong to?
What does Arsenal report a before tax profit for 2014-15?
In what state was Camp Meade located?
Females in Rajasthan wear what type of traditional clothing?
The Belgian Suite is located at the foot of which staircase?
Why type of scholar is music journalist Simon Reynolds?
What year did Republicans regain control while Rober Michel was Minority Leader?
What two examples of ideas from Immanuel Velikovsky are stated as to have gained some acceptance?
During what period did the administration deny funding?
What classification of chemicals do dopamine, serotonin and noradrenaline belong to?
What was the navy patrolling for?
What percentage of people that live in the state of New York live in New York City?
Why did the iron, copper and silver mines fail?
Even though Tajikistan has freedom of the press, what is the problem with it?
One type of music derived from Byzantine is called what?
What was Tito's form of communism called?
How many muslims were there in Bern in 2000?
What is C.W. Alcock responsible for founding?
Who did the Manchu appeal to?
What were the biggest difficulties in reaching affected areas?
With several certifications out there that can be aquired, what is the one trait they all share?
Who discovered the drug that was ultimately marketed as Lyrica?
What clan was given the privileged of enoblement?
Where do serialized comics in Japan typically appear?
How often is the Young Composers Film Competition?
What two areas have the numerous research facilities and offices for biotech companies?
What is the largest nationwide broadcaster in San Diego?
What role did Schwarzenegger miss out on because of his height?
Were all residents counted together or separately?
Who was held responsible for the defeat of North Korean troops?
Early warning allows epileptics to get to safety, get medication or what else?
Which data model is displayed as a specific model that uses DBMS?
What are space suits an example of a solution to?
Which president won all of NYC in 1924?
How does the weight of uranium-238 compare to that of uranium-235?
What is the goal of plant ecology?
Who had increased access to better military technology?
What is another element of the structure of a gene?
What clubs competed in the match?
What agency has offered acceptance of safer pesticides?
The ground is important for what antenna?
When did the Qing decide to modernize their military?
Where did Victoria live at the beginning of her reign?
What was the Kanye West Foundation renamed to in 2008?
How much did Victoria donate to Ireland to help with famine relief?
What do historians try to piece together from pre-Western environments?
What type of doctrines are contained in the Mimamsa  school?
Who founded the Achaemenid Empire when the city states in Iran came together in unification?
What was Ecuador the site of?
Most vertebrates usually devote how much metabolism to the brain?
Who was the best man at the wedding of Jovanka and Tito?
Mamelon is found on a hill in front of what suburban commune?
Which museum is located at Ann Arbors historic downtown fire station?
What infamous Doors frontman was once arrested in New Haven?
Which court case upheld the rule of nondelegation?
What type of servo-controlled systems use pancake motors?
What was needed to replace an iPod Nano battery?
How many are estimated people live in Burma officially?
In what borough is the Unisphere located?
Members of what commission criticized the separation of race and ethnic city on the US Census?
In what year was S. Wanradt and J. Koell's book written?
A conformal coating can be applied by spraying the PCB or by doing what else to it?
What minor things can be included and not invalidate a copyright?
What can reduce the negative effects of inbreeding?
What does junior NCO refer to in the USAF pay grade system?
At what age did Harper Lee's mother die?
On what date was the dispersal draft first scheduled to occur?
What did market hunters leave the parts of the bison they didn't need to do?
Aside from planning and design what other types of aspects does architecture involve?
Along with the bureaucracy, who were the General People's Committees directed at?
With what other difference did the Gregorian calendar concern itself?
What foundation did Beyoncé start after Hurricane Katrina?
What would be possible if homesexuality and heterosexuality where measured on different scales?
Who founded Eastern Wu?
What type of volcano was located in 2004 by researchers?
Where do they play?
What was the nationality of historian Henri Pirenne?
Advocates argue these hunters allow for what type of activities?
What area did the Narvaez expedition explore?
What gives the federal government responsibility for national defense?
How can predators use mimicry?
What is the practive of coprophagia behaviours?
What have a characteristic shape?
Are there any circumstances under which a digimon cannot be reborn?
Who was elected president in the 2000 election?
What are steamed dumplings called?
Where are Paris' financial service companies majorly located?
In what fields has Darwin's theory of evolution become particularly essential?
What was the name of Kanye's 2008 music tour?
What PBS documentary covered the Bronx's music history?
What percentage of Greece's GDP does shipping account for?
Before what year did studies on the Somali language exist?
What does a earthworms digestive systme consist of?
Who thought pop culture was a risk?
In what year was the last known person sentenced to death in England for heresy?
How many charters schools are available in New Haven?
What 2 groups were normal Chinese broken into?
what part of their body do married women cover with a scarf?
What company purchased the  Cubs in 1981?
When was the Western Electric System introduced?
What is the name of the first European explorer to reach Bermuda?
When was the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights ratified?
How high were some of the buildings in urban Germany?
Triploblastic worms were comparable in size to what other creatures?
What battles were initially complete disasters for Rome?
In what year was the article describing the type of arsenic found in Napoleon's hair published?
What was the reason for seppuku?
What treaty with England conflicted with the United States' Treaty of Alliance with France?
Many reviewers consider the second part of the book to be about what issue?
What are the variations in the text of witnesses known as?
How much did the SNS-101 cost in the US?
On November 3, 2008, who predicted extremely weak GDP growth for the Eurozone in 2009?
Who created a pathway for education for women in the Islamic world?
What offshoots of polychaetes are only segmented in the rear?
What has the Princess Alexandra Dock become?
Who was the author of the epic poem Aeneid?
What religious denomination was the only one allowed to hold public office in NC until 1835?
What political party did Schwarzenegger belong to?
What is the color rendering index of an incandescent light?
Where were the first demonstrations in Armenia?
What does a samurai has his heart in the wrong place dislike?
When did Valencia surrender to the French?
In what part of Manhattan is the Museum Mile located?
Non-African groups of human population may only drive from what type of sample of the African population?
What was the date of the Abbey's coronation?
In the top five largest urban areas in California, where does San Diego rank?
What does it mean to say that God is omnipotent?
Was the second debate held in a rigid, formalistic manner?
What are the syntax characteristics of a text's source language adjusted to for a target language?
What island was invaded by the Eighth Army on February 28?
What school founded in 1794 first used a form of the word polytechnic in its name?
What is Panentheism?
Who came up with the Armenian alphabet?
What location has a few public wifi spots available to the public?
The Third Street Promenade is located in what part of Santa Monica?
How does heartwood formation occur due to its being genetically programmed?
What type of machine manufactures glass light bulbs.
What was the primary focus of Bush's campaign?
How much later on average do males experience their growth spurt?
What does it mean if people are related by descent?
What locations did Pitt want from France?
In what elections are other Europeans who are living in the United Kingdom or Ireland, allowed to vote in?
What other use did paper capacitors serve in the telecommunications industry?
Where are Sanskrit Vartman Patram and Vishwasya Vrittantam published?
What percentage of NBC Universal was owned by Vivendi until 2011?
On what magazine was she the cover model?
Which politician purposely created strong state divisions to a weaker national party?
What event is the recognized beginning of the Hellenistic Period?
Which political party is The Times columnist, David Aaronovitch, associated with?
What tribe was the prior social structure from?
What sold out venue did Queen play in Canada?
What city is home to The Crown Liquor Saloon?
What's the name of the sequel game to MotorStorm?
The Erie Canal was finished being built in what year?
What nationality was Heinrich Anton de Bary?
What does the term "Moors" refer to?
How many days does the non-stop festival go?
How many meters is 6,096 feet?
Alexander III invaded what empire after his father was killed?
When was the University Musical Society founded?
Who is the current non-voting delegate for Guam?
Where was Milan Resetar born?
What is the literacy rate in Kuwait?
What happened to the 2005 deadlines?
What can be added to f0 to create a standing wave pattern?
Who wrote 'City Boy: The Adventures of Herbie Bookbinder'?
Who heavy was the Helepolis siege tower?
What is on each side of a thoracic segment?
In the 2014 Press Freedom Index, what organization ranked the media environment in Eritrea as the worse of 178 countries?
Who was the third emperor of the Ming dynasty?
Who was against the divine rights of kings in England during the 1500s?
If Bob does throws 15 more free throws than he did last week, how many more explicit memories has he gained?
Who headed the government after the bailout was announced?
How many children in Africa pick coffee?
What was the subject of the bill that the Lord Chancellor refused to present for royal assent in 2007?
At what battle were the Bourbons victorious?
What did the monk of minor believe could alleviate the tension in the matter of the
What were barrage balloons initially used as an obstacle to?
In what year did solar engine build his solar engine?
What is an arithmetical structure comprising of a set of elements including an operation that joins any two elements to form a third element?
How many dialects are in the eastern group?
What is the internet service provided through?
What is the largest bird?
What machine caused the end of city rail lines in Seattle?
Which private university is located near the Edmond border?
What is the population of Strasbourg in 2012?
Where in Plymouth is the Royal National Lifeboat Institution based?
Thermodynamics divides energy information into what two kinds?
What department located at the West Campus provides IT services?
What magazine rated Beyonce as the most powerful female musician in 2015?
How many days did the plane travel with the Torch team?
What is the internal body cavity of animals in the Bilateria group called?
What was the dollar based on?
How are LEDs used in theaters?
What do many characterize the new perspective as being more informed with?
How many border crossings does San Diego share with Mexico?
What percent of sales are contributed by hunters?
Who believes that the Soviet Unions was afraid of Germany?
Who came up with the idea of "things-as-interacted-by-us"?
Who is a Taiwanese politician?
Who initially had military command?
How many locations can one use videoconferencing for?
What were used to write Sanskrit?
What types of branches did the 1960 Constitution provide?
What two phases are included in the life cycles of embryophytes?
When was the Directory of Public Worship developed?
What is a willow's flower comprised of?
The SAC is an abbreviation for what US force?
What fungus grows from gold mining solution?
What 2005 publication in its third edition kept to that ruling?
By what time was Seattle the most rapidly growing city in the US?
People blindfolded themselves to cross what?
Led Zeppelin's first two albums both came out in what year?
How old did biblical scholars think the Earth was?
What were two large ports on the English east coast in the North?
What did Frued believe about the belief in God?
How much did the mortality rate of tuberculosis drop between 1946-1955?
How many square miles is the island of Iwo Jima?
Who is the current head of KU's football program?
Most Hokkein morphemes have what type of characters?
What piece is often used in the horror genre?
What was the nationality of Matsushita Electric?
Who invented the first analog computer in the form of a tide-predicting machine?
What kind of social service was provided through the madaris?
What is are kind of nuclear force is not time-reversibile?
How often are pigeons able to breed for the consumption process ?
What is the name of the short story in which Hannes Oberhauser appeared?
What major city is home to most regional UN offices in India?
In what what unit is the capacitance reported for capacitors used in power factor correction?
How many professional sports leagues have their headquarters in New York?
How many people were massacred when the city fell?
The biggest changes in the brain during puberty occur in the parts of the cortex that process what kinds of information?
Decoders are usually compared by examining which factor?
How many Miles East of Puerto Rico is St. Barts?
In what month and year did Gaddafi make a speech promoting economic privatization?
How did Immanuel Kant describe the Enlightenment?
Which Amy Winehouse song did Beyoncé cover and release in May 2014?
Was there conflict of faith and beliefs at the end of von NEumann's life?
How many students enroll to the SMC annually?
What type of trace is often narrower than a ground trace?
When was the winner announced?
Which will prevail in a conflict between international and domestic law?
What was to be carried out at schools after the quake?
How many square miles of water is in Oklahoma?
What creates wind, cyclones and anti-cyclones?
Parque Batlle is named in honor of who?
What year did David Goldstein report that unlike male Ashkenazi lineages, the female lineages in Ashkenazi Jewish communities did not seem to be Middle Eastern?
What is the lead single on Beyoncé's first album?
What victory in 1800 secured Napoleon's political power?
On what road was the eastern edge of the walled city?
What did Josef Jungmann advocate for?
What was the Saxon Royal Palace used for
To what position was Malenkov demoted?
In 1910, how many Dominicans were actively engaged in Order work?
What type of organizations are multinational corporations increasingly rely on?
What kind of letter did the FBI send to MLK?
What three categories are used in Ulrichs scheme?
What are some examples of Armenian folk music instruments?
How many rounds can a contestant make it through before Hollywood?
Which privately owned medical facility opened in 2016?
What place did Yeezus secure on the list of 100 albums?
When was the first software MP3 encoder released?
Which group of people was excited by the German translation of On the Origin of Species?
Who comprised most of the members of the conspiracy to assassinate Caesar?
What is a complete metamorphosis called?
Under the control of whose army was Galicia under during this war?
Portuguese pavement is known by what other name?
What are attacks designed to make a machine or network unavailable to its intended users?
What type of parliament does Tuvalu have?
Who was the first African American to gradute from Vassar College?
What's the most commonly spoken regional language in the Netherlands?
What university is near the New Center?
What was the first treatment for tuberculosis?
What President attempted to make an example out of Boston due to it's view on the Anthony Burns Fugitive Slave Case?
What year did CD players become available for purchase?
Did the insurgency lead to any economic changes in Burma ?
When did Carrion Jr. retire as Borough President?
What event on Tuvalu made assistance to the population necessary?
Why do fungi communicate?
In what year did the state of New York eliminate slavery?
What was Nigeria's fourth satellite called?
What is Florida's nickname
What are the individual images with action called in comics?
Which type of bird nests are no more than a scrape on the ground?
What is economic anthropology highly critical of?
What body was incorporated into the government as a result of the Bill of Rights?
Where is Oak Tree Country Club?
Aside from healthcare, which employment sector has strongly emerged in San Diego?
What are some of the sets or ideals most school systems follow?
Earlier television systems were based on what?
What Italian territory did Yugoslavia acquire after the war?
Who has to approve the Government of Estonia after it is nominated by the President?
How much fuel did electric train used less than diesel in the middle of 1970 in USSR?
What was Nintendo accused of?
When was the Taj Mahal constructed?
Which year did the inhabitants decide there were too many slaves?
When was the finale aired?
What is one way a match can end?
What is a half wave dipole need to be coupled with in most instances?
Along with pyrometers, what devices can receive inaccurate results if emissivity is not set correctly?
What kind of passenger ships make up a lot of the traffic in the port of Southampton?
What percentage of it's GDP was spent on defense in 1984?
How do most migrations begin?
What percentage of the New York City population is Japanese?
How long does pain tend to last?
What are other schools regarded as within Hindu philosophy?
Why did most countries need a adapted version of ASCII?
What year did the USAF take a Reduction-in-force?
What is the impact on an elevator set to independant service mode?
At what time did the name Schwyz begin to be used by the entire Confederation?
What is opposed today by members of many Protestant faiths?
How did The Sun feel about the Poll tax?
What are ogives?
Airports are divided into what two areas?
For whom did the residents of Seattle vote in the 2012 presidential election?
Akkadian's language can be traced to the Semitic branch of what languages?
What did Myanmar block after Cyclone Nargis?
Along with the Dallas Vigilantes, what expansion team was announced in 2010?
How many bodies of Gaddafi supporters were found at the Mahari Hotel?
In which decade did the Tennessee legislature institute a poll tax?
What American city welcomes the largest number of legal immigrants?
To what did the journals shift attention of the cultivated public away from and towards novelty and innovation?
What aspect of buildings became very rare?
Where were the main European rationalists?
When did the Cubs sign a developmental agreement with the Kane County Cougars?
What does earlier milk delivery do to cows?
How did U.S. housing and financial assets react to the housing bubble burst?
What pop singer did a duet with Beyoncé on Beautiful Liar?
What does the MoD defend?
Who was tasked with the job to make improvements to the AA as a result of the German attacks?
At around what age was Dominic ordained as a Priest?
Who states imply that humans are their own Gods?
What genetically modified virus was used to develop MVA85A?
How many Dutch warships were fended of by Christopher Martin in 1673?
Who wrote Anarchy, State, and Utopia?
What does a candidate swear on?
What were Jon Wycliffe's supporters called?
What is the relationship called in a hierarchical model?
What field produces most of the finding about peasants from this era?
Suga Mama is also a song on which Beyoncé album?
When was the Congo's train system built?
What did the 2013 trans-genome study find in regards to Ashkenazi Jews and Khazar origins?
When did the Second Great Awakening start?
Where were the rules about the Torah revealed to Moses by God?
Who set up an online site to focus on blind spots in recovery?
What country was Burma involved with in 2015
how did producers sometimes make edits of house music?
How many members does the European Club Association elect for the UEFA's Club Competitions Committee?
What does craving carry with it?
What changed when the concept was broadened?
How would people ward off misfortune in Hellenistic times?
When was the West Bank annexed by Jordan?
Who made clear the motivations of the filmmakers?
Who is one of the feminist economists that believe the financial crisis revealed a crisis of mainstream economics and call for a complete reshaping of the economy?
In what year did Louis die?
When was ZE Records founded?
When did the OMB change racial guidelines for the census form?
Which president declared it "a matter of national interest" to introduce HDTV to the US?
When did the decolonization of Africa and the Caribbean accelerate?
When was the Ministry of Defence founded?
Which street is the northernmost of the streets mapped in the Commissioner's Plan of 1811?
Which company purchased Latimer's patent?
According to the constructivists, what is an example of a learned meta-emotion?
What abolitionist was greatly affected by the writings of Comte?
Aside from the elevator, where else might a permit be displayed?
How many states does Mexico have?
3MBS and ABC Classic FM play what type of music?
What kind of texts did Byzantine scholars take with them when they fled Constantinople?
What kind of words in Russian have been influenced by Church Slavonic?
When did farmers build a bridge over the Harlem River?
How does he define entities' need for God?
What type of remains were found in the Narmada Valley?
What part of KU serves students learning about government?
Who is responsible for writing the music for "Notre Dame Victory March?"
Article 23, before it was rephrased allowed what?
Who primarily occupies the complexes surrounding the University?
How long is the Greek railway system?
Aside from Switzerland, what country speaks a dialect related to Swiss German?
which two cult sites had widespread infuence?
How long was the city completely empty?
A solemn ceremony ended the first session on what day?
When was the Battle of Actium?
What does slahta mean?
Who was the true backer of the cause of affirmative action?
What type of costumes play a central role in the Queen elections?
Date Records released what major success in 1969?
What longitudes does Guinea-Bissau mostly lie between?
How is it postulated that Mars life might have evolved?
With whom did Dominic travel with to Denmark?
On what dates did Seattle experience a snow event of 6 feet?
What person's calls for unity is credited by western communists of holding together Yugoslavia?
Other than benefiting more privileged people within minority groups, what is another argument against affirmative action?
PCR can't detect the presence of any bacteria when what doesn't occur?
What is the attempt to understand other societies on their own terms?
When was the Apple iTunes Store launched?
What text rejects the Ashkenazi prohibition against kitniyot?
Where was the first session of the Second Vatican Council held?
IN what year did the canton become a flag with crosses on it and not just a cross?
Who was Raghunath Rao?
What does the rejection of instruments in Christian music likely stem from?
What was the name of the shows executive producer?
Which city is home to Australia's largest and busiest seaport?
How did the Bristol Blenheim F.1 perform against German aircraft?
How does Nigeria rank among the largest-population countries in the world?
What republic was the territory of the Karachay Autonomous Oblast transferred to?
What other factor is relevant to the competitive exclusion principle?
When did Cook's ships cross the Antarctic circle?
How many mosaic panels from naos have survived?
In 1936, what place did Bell receive on a list of best inventors?
What is the library programmers use to solve object-relational impedance mismatch?
In which country was a study about the presence of cancer and heart disease in different regions done?
Who was the Secretary of Defense in 1967?
Marvel Comics was part of many entities having what relationship with Timely?
What is the standard of EAL4?
In what year was Wycliffe declared a heretic?
What is the name for the kind of symbiosis in which one organism is seriously harmed and there is no affect on the other?
How many people in the United States are said to own dog?
What is an "ensi"?
What is the largest base of shooting films and TV dramas in China?
What percentage of Portuguese people die less often from cancer than in the Eur-A?
What AFL team would be based in Des Moines?
What was the name of the a cappella musical that first opened 28 January 1994?
How many PS3 did Hirai set a public goal to sell by the time the product was nine?
The Nea Moni mosaics are more detailed than what what other famous mosaics?
Which physics subject was affected by The Romantic Movement?
What do the Italian Swiss call Switzerland?
What month did France sue for peace?
Who did Bell invent the cord-free phone with?
How many citizen's were in the year 2000 census?
In pursuing Prussian ships, what resource was quickly depleted?
What region raised a militia army called the fyrd?
Dell is currently the #1 shipper of what?
Cyprus was a naval outpost which overlooked what canal?
Disparities between versions of crucial words and passages in versions of the bible contributed to what split?
In what SI unit is the capacitance reported on smaller capacitors?
What does NCAZ take care of?
What groups thoughts did he seek to include?
How many a cappella groups does Washington University have?
What type of current is featured in brushed DC motors?
What was the name of Charles Darwin's grandfather?
What tourist commonly visits Guam?
Where was the TV Tower located?
What does tars mean?
What is the underlying methodology of finding worldwide estimates for losses fur to security breaches?
Where was this homicide perpetrated?
In what year did Joseph Stalin visit London?
Which colors are combined to make all other colors?
The brain and spinal cord work together to control what system of the body?
Chinese children have been known to make electronics, toys and what else?
Under what king did the founding of Columbia University occur?
Kanye participated alongside Mike Meyers in a relief benefit show for what natural disaster?
What two letter identifier did the signal have?
What rank does Universal Studios have in terms of age?
How many species of bats exist in England?
Which medium allowed for multiple audio tracks, Laserdisc or VHS?
What did Great Britain gain with respect to the French trading outposts on the subcontinent of India?
Social insects live in well organized what?
When did Musharraf arrest Maulana Masood Azhar?
What country is leading in production of paper?
Who moved the Roman Empire capital in 330 AD?
Due to increased unemployment, who mainly opposed the Shah's regime?
What stage of development differentiates a 4-stage metamorphosis from a 3-stage metamorphosis, notably absent in the latter?
What was the Chopin family's business?
What makes glass melt at a lower temperature?
From where does Burma receive most of its military artillery ?
Until what year was Sony seeing a loss on each PlayStation 3 console it sold?
According to the American Journal of Human Genetics, what percentage of modern Iberian population has Sephardic Jewish ancestry?
What percentage of African ancestry were 30% of college students identifying as white estimated to have?
Identify an advantage that Britain had during the Seven Year's War.
The United States has how many Freemason members?
Minority leader may appoint individuals to what government roles?
Who wrote to Burgoyne on February 8th?
What academy was the most important medical center of the world at the time and became Islamicized after the Arab invasions?
Who did Orsini try to assassinate?
What is the name of the largest art gallery in Jiangsu Province?
When was the first US federal population census taken?
What was the name of the attack the Japanese had planned against San Diego?
Who became the Prime Minister in 1992?
By what month and year did Laemmle change his opinion on "unclean pictures"?
Along with Tolkien, what modern scholar notably made use of Old English?
What language family does Estonian belong to?
Who is one of the most successful teams in the Greek Super League?
From what works was Sharia developed?
In addition to being used to build things, what has wood been used for over thousands of years?
About how many people in Somalia speak Somali?
What is the name for the process of a succession of lifetimes?
About how many people died during the Draft Riots of 1863?
What is comparable in domestic law to a treaty in international law?
Who argued that the existence of God is an empirical question?
About how many millions of people lived in Europe in the year 1000?
Greece has how much strategic importance?
Did his place more value on his Faith or where he was living?
What case is the grammatical object of a verb?
According to official figures, how many died in the flood of 1957?
What two forms of humor are most found in To Kill a Mockingbird?
In what year was Show Boat released?
What did the Japanese government institute?
Which type of economy did Hayek believe the price mechanism to be less effective with?
What did Whitehead believe regarding factors that limit people's understanding of his concepts?
A list of websites a user can click to get back to easy have been what by the user?
In what country is the beer Tella produced?
What did French law enforcement take from protesters?
What forces releived the worn Australian reserve battalions?
What are vishapagorgs?
what style of music did afrika bambaataa play?
Which bike path does Highland lead to?
Why were problems created when transferring files between systems?
What are alternative names the Thar Desert is known by?
Why does the Appalachian Highland have the terrain it does?
Who withdrew from the torch event?
UHI is an abbreviation of what?
What type of evidence is too incomplete for a decision to be made between the two theories of the Renaissance?
Who was the winner of American Idols ninth season?
The US Air Force began research of ICBMs in what year?
Where are madaris considered less desirable?
What island besides St. Barts was granted COM status by France in 2007?
Who met with Gorbachev on November 22?
In what city did the tripartite military talks occur during the month of August?
What is makes more of a difference than race in health outcomes for "race specific" diseases?
When did Hume die?
Where did the Armenian Genocide occur?
What modified AV protocol does the 360 utilize?
What determines the cost of fixing a bug?
What hardware device was merged with the video marketplace?
Midwesterners hunted at what rate?
How did the Cathars live?
A catastrophe in 1911 that killed 146 workers was called what?
What is a specific example of a sequence of events?
What is the symbol for zinc?
what type of bass synthesizer was a staple of the early house sound?
When did automakers start using electroluminescent technology to backlight gauges?
A protocol may either amend a previous treaty or do what?
Who declared himself ruler of an independent Tibet?
Who is the movie Donnie Brasco based on?
Namibia is on par with what country in terms of media and reporting?
Who are the indigenous people of the Americas descended from?
In which century did the Spanish dollar start being used in Spanish America?
What is the general idea regading these scales that are used?
What is the proper way to address a cardinal according to the Archdiocese of Milwaukee?
What do the vibrational frequencies of molecules usually correspond to?
To where did Seattle's Baseball team relocate in 1969?
What happens if a population exceeds the carrying capacity of their habitat?
How many offices does the palace have?
What does Ban Bossy encourage?
What professor was retired in a 2003 labor strike?
Who advises the Chief of the Defence?
What term describes the number and variety of plants, animals and other organisms in existence?
What insect is not abel to perceive light and dark?
Madonna's role in Dick Tracy led to which award nomination?
In what year were Zucchet's seven out of nine counts acquitted?
What covers an annelid's exterior?
What is a malicious technique in which an attacker tricks the user into clicking on a button or link?
What was the main government entity that ran the territories like Tibet?
What manager was appointed to lead Arsenal in 1925?
Who establishes the doctrines of the Jehovah Witnesses?
What type of energy production as many companies been investing in recent years?
What two entities was the foundation divided into
What moniker did the Greeks grant themselves for distinction ?
Why did the US have troops on Okinawa?
By 1990, how many American homes were estimated to use LD?
Why did the state House think they could change Oklahoma's motto?
What was the De Materia Medica written about?
What treaty ceded territory to the US extending west to the Mississippi River?
Reforms in the Ottoman court system were based on what model?
What large item is abandoned at the Quarry?
Which piece of legislation was begun in 1969?
These three elements of the body are of new interest for what reason?
What percentages does the city Bike transportation mode's target?
What was Vitruvius' profession?
Who wrote the 1910 book 'The Conflict of Color'?
Which city corresponds to Asim's recitation of the Quran?
What are some examples of hypersensitivities?
Where does it rank in comparison to other US cities in GDP?
What comedy production did Spectre actors appear in?
The European Union has prescribed an indicative renewable energy target of what percent?
How many people per 100,000 were murdered in Richmond in 1990?
What problems did AC distribution cause?
What three things does the tax system depend on?
In what century did the revival of Persia occur under the Sassanids?
What type of team was the Carolina Courage?
Which chromosome is responsible for produlcing male differentiation on defect female development?
Who accused Eritrea of planting bombs at an African Union summit?
What was Fantasia's coronation song?
Which company was the Italian patents firm representing?
Why was Saurez not playing for four months?
What is another name for Anhimidae?
What distinction does Czech have in Slovakia?
Which year was used for estimates in the 2011 report?
Where were most of the slaves in North Carolina located?
What were some provincial governors in enforcement of the Roman edicts?
What geological subdivision is located in the north?
What tightly controlled book brought appeal for classic interior to masses?
What's the equivalent of Universities of Technology in French-speaking areas?
What is another term for coset multiplication?
How was the suit settled?
What regions was excluded from the German Empire?
What percent of the Bronx population has a university degree, as of 2000?
What do groups in Mindelo challenge each other for?
What are near-ultraviolet LEDs coated with to create white LED?
What was the Dashnaks objective?
For what was most of the the Bitumont plant's output was used for waterproofing?
Under what circumstances may the court enact this responsibility?
Where is RAF Brize Norton located?
What imagery is suggested in the Chinese characters of the dynasties new name?
What coin, as of 1982, is now primarily made of zinc?
Who returned as executive producer this season?
What does Firefox's version for Windows 8 do?
About how many students in Belgium are studying Dutch?
What was the only city the Chinese allowed the Europeans into to trade?
What language did 12th century scholars studying Aristotle speak in?
What cause different paleogeographic regions in the Triassic, Jurassic and Cretaceous periods?
What language has the most in common with the East Low Franconian dialect of Dutch?
What belief should bever be mixed widespread?
What results did proper religious practices produce?
What republics did the Dutch Republic come before?
Yugoslavia was the only communist country to have an embassy where?
What changes were made for the commercial publication of Maggie?
Why do so many multinationals have their Latin American headquarters in Miami?
What method is used to test components under unexpected workloads?
Who was the first to use the tragic octoroon?
What is the overall climate description for Namibia?
What is the English translation of the traditional name of the Marshall Islands?
What is required to transport pollen?
Capital letters refer to which case of letter?
What should one be aware of when dealing with a board run NPO?
Who was the mayor of Buenos Aires?
What war was waged from 1618 to 1648?
How many primary classes were there?
What is forbidden in shark sanctuaries?
What school is affiliated with the New England Primate Research Center?
During the Tanzimat what western influence could be seen?
The environmental intervention was linked to the conceptualization of what process?
How many dams were damaged?
In the conflict, who lead the German states of the North German Confederation?
What did they use to teach birds a migration route?
When did Kerry enter law school?
Who provided incentives for Israelis to settle in the occupied West Bank?
What would happen if a lower court tried to enforce an unconstitutional statute?
When was Columbus' first voyage?
What is the main goal aside from reducing the amount of data required to store the audio?
What happened to the assets of the British East India Company after it was removed from power?
How many different areas does BBC One accommodate with customized broadcasting?
Crushing, tearing and shearing are examples of which type of pain?
How is "body dissatisfaction" defined?
What was the name of the emperor who moved Japan's capital to Heian?
Canis familiaris is the classification for dogs, and is known as what?
What is a defensive way that mimicry can be used?
When did Nigeria improve its tertiary education?
What does the Kuiper belt consist of?
As of 2015, what political party did all of Plymouth's MPs belong to?
What methodology allowed the production of new agricultural tools?
Insects have developed what kind of active capability?
Who were the original affluent society?
By the 2000-1 season what was the percentage of foreign players?
Is teenage alcohol drug use at al all-time high or low?
How long did Filner's trial last?
Where is the Australian Football League headquartered?
On what day would most of the games televised on the ESPN networks be played?
When did El Cid die?
What is a common problem in antibiotic use?
What led to Yale's Grievance Board and the Yale Women's Center?
Who designed both the NES and SNES?
Who sat on a lower platform than the Tibetan cleric?
Who do the Provincial Ministers report to?
Which of the two first works addresses pagan practices?
What title did Pere Vincent Jandel hold during this time?
What region consisting of Dagestan, Georgia, Armenia, & Azerbaijan did Iran lose control of to the Russians?
Who was Unicode developed in conjunction with?
Who can be credited with finding out DDT is useful as an insecticide?
What keeps being debated in Germany?
What major interstate in New Haven provides access northward into Massachusetts, Vermont, and eventually reaches the Canadian border?
For what reason do modern Christians continue to oppose the use of instruments?
In what country was Freemaonry particularly prevalent?
What are the substances of Vaisesika reality?
When did Doordarshan begin broadcasting in Hyderabad?
Which viral genome did Fiers sequence?
Which Queen song was featured in the autumn of 2009 on Glee
When did Armenia adopt Christianity?
When was fiber-optics first patented?
what year was Nevin Fenneman's study?
In what yer did Muhammad die?
Where did missionaries live as of 1857?
In what city was the Mosque-Madrasah of Sultan Hasan?
Smaller reception rooms are decorated in which style?
From Thionville towards Trier, what was the final destination of the offensive?
How many shootings were there in that year?
For older adolescents, is sexual activity in a romantic relationship associated with lower or higher levels of deviant behavior?
What do monotheists believe?
What do the Vedas describe?
Armenia has closed borders with which two countries?
Candidates are never what to a Masonic lodge?
When did Andragoras' reign end?
At what point in season 13 did American Idol air its 500th show?
Where did Chopin create the majority of his compositions?
What are the highest hills in Hyderabad?
What is the maximum length of a video on youtube?
Aquila chrysaetos is what type of bird?
What did Khrushchev refer to the U-2 as?
When was secretprojectrevolution released?
The Ancient Grand Lodge of England was formed on what date?
How many times has KU won the national debate championship?
What part of Brazil does not observe DST?
When did Manhattan's no wave scene start becoming more dance-oriented?
Who held the equivalent of the post of prime minister under Queen Anne?
When did Nintendo announce Zelda would appear on the Wii?
What article, section, and clause of the Constitution requires U.S. presidents to be natural-born citizens?
What contributes to the variations of the celebrations in the rural areas?
Where did the Austrians retreat in May of 1757?
What is a unit of work called in a database?
What nation has the highest level percentage of working citizens with higher-level education?
What was the religious affiliation of all 9 founding members of Northwestern?
When the punk movement started shrinking, what began to fill the void left by their demise?
What kind of other applications enable communication between iTunes and an iPod?
In what year did American air attacks on the Marshalls begin?
What character in The Great Gatsby wrote editorials for the Yale News?
Who ordered the death of King Alexander IV?
How many lines made up the picture on Britain's earliest TV broadcasts?
Which Apple engineer led original iPod design group?
When did the Bronx Museum of the Arts open?
As of May 2015, how many Liberal Democrats sit in Parliament?
Who created Paris's police force?
In which year was Ann Arbor chartered as a city?
What did The Sun neglect to report concerning the upcoming election?
What could deviations from proper religious practices cause?
What is the title of the political science book, written by a Yale professor, that explores New Haven politics and history throughout the 1950's?
What term is used to refer to the period from 1750 to 1820?
Who investigated the Premier League's collective selling rights in 1999?
When was Twilight Princess launched in North America?
How are consumers able to benefit from saved crops?
How many viewers did the half-time show attract?
How many days is the incubation period for woodpeckers?
The Wii version makes use of what kind of sensors?
What sort of issues were Zenlenyi Svit and Noosfera concerned with?
What happened in July 2014?
When did the suffering of the Jews begin?
The eastern and central basins of Iran experience how much annual precipitation?
Randomness and sharp attacks are two reasons that may make it harder to to do what to an audio file?
What was Israel ranked among OECD countries?
What are groupings of similar plants?
j
What were the mixed race individuals kept from doing?
What became very popular symbol among the who believed Mary had a Virgin for a mother ?
Is the use of artificial turf allowed?
What term have Anthropologists employed to refer to the Eriksonian idea of selfhood?
In what city does Patrick Modiano live?
Where did actor Charlton Heston attend school?
The Limes Germanicus was breached in what year?
Where did he call the schoolhouses shoddy?
About what percentage of the Native Americans in Montana live off the reservation?
What's the Swedish word for a polytechnic school?
What was the name of Tito's son born to him and Haas?
When was the suffix "in St. Louis" added to Washington University?
During how many years did the Bell Company battle lawsuits?
What events created the Batavian Republic?
What were Protestant Christians fleeing from?
What is the code for separating lines?
What is an example of the multiracial identity movement at work?
In the southwest, how high do temperatures get?
From whom did Catherine the Great receive assistance in her Enlightenment ideals via correspondence?
Who was the original lead singer of AC/DC who died?
What can a club do if a player they wish to sign does not meet the Home Office's work permit requirements?
What country is about 4200 km from Guinea-Bissau?
Where did Centro open it's first store of 2014?
What magazine published an interview quoting Schwarzenegger calling marijuana a "leaf"?
What is the term for the belief that species have a tendency to change and adapt in a certain direction?
Article IV, Section Three of th United States Constitution gives Congress the power to do what?
What role is performed by Monica Bellucci?
Where was David Atherton born?
What do eusocial insects build?
What techniques does the Cyberspace Support branch of the Air Force use?
What was one use of the uses for the newly developed land of Chanakypuri?
Who dominated the area of Irea between the 10th Century BC to the late 7th Century BC?
What is the radical under which the character is listed in dictionaries?
What is a greenstone belt?
Who is responsible for designing large parts of New Delhi?
Which President did Kanye West accuse of "Not caring for black people"?
In dirhams, what was the yearly cost of the Iraqi postal service when Yusuf bin Umar was governor?
What name was changed to Titograd?
In 2007 what former case did the European Court of Human Rights draw on to further refine qualifiers of genocide?
What other bird was very common before WWII according to the elders?
What are 'superquadras' or superblocks?
The collision between the African and the Eurasian plates began during what time?
Corruption also occurs when an official wants to cause some form of harm to who?
Who eventually became full members of the aristocracy?
What was the name of Victoria's King Charles Spaniel?
What is the average snowfall per year in Charlotte?
Who was Israel frequently attacked by?
What other countries have successful democracies?
What other international laws deal with child labour?
When did Houston start using light rail lines?
How fast is the new SuperSpeed bus data signaling rate?
Several torchbearers said what two things should not be combined?
From 2000, Cambodia has surpassed other ASEAN countries in generating GDP on which sector?
What higher-level is constantly up for debate and research?
What did the label of  Hellenes come to stand for during the Common Era of Greece ?
Which edible items are taxed at the higher non-food sales and use tax rate in Tennessee?
11th Street and 6th Avenue was the home of what tavern from the 1700s?
Who do Muslims believe said "To whomsoever I am Mawla, Ali is his Mawla?
With the secession away from the smaller communities in the Grecian world, what living situation became of great importance ?
When did the North Carolina Constitution disestablish the Anglican church?
Fort Sullivan was renamed  what after the battle?
What landmark New Haven fast food establishment is located on Crown Street?
How many women at BYU do missionary work?
What is the location of the Gwamile Vocational and Commercial Training Institute?
Which two companies were involved in the "War of the Speeds"?
I couldn't could up with another question. But i need to fill this space because I can't submit the hit.
In what year did Henry VIII establish an Office of Revels?
Where is Saint Catherine's Monastery located?
What is UNODC helping Tajikistan with to help the war on drugs?
What is the process of making beer called?
What device can be used to discharge large voltage capacitors?
When did the modern usage of prime minister come into being?
What is the name of the cup that some Catholics think is the Grail?
In which state are the highest peaks of the Rocky Mountains found?
Where did people not ask about racial background?
Gas exchange patterns can contain what kind of ventilation?
Many FDS disks lack what?
Besides headlines, what is sentence-style capitalization often applied to?
In what year did Susan Hockfield become President of MIT?
How many periods of geology are within the Paleozoic era?
What other types of theater performance are seen in Nanjing?
What does it do in place of an income tax system?
Who would eventually absorb the "good" bank of Cyprus Popular Bank?
What groups are called Vlachs?
Name two more major events of the Seven Years' War in North America.
Who refused to provide Eisenhower with landing craft?
Which scholars made great advances in the theories of motion?
The pheasants, grouse and their allies form which group?
Capitalism can be referred to as what process?
For what is cotton used to make?
What has become increasingly important as the technology deveops?
The seaport of Taganrog is near what port city?
What's the name of the museum located in one of Southampton's tower walls?
What type of attack was used on Inchon?
What was Wesley Clark's former job?
What group's status was improved by Augustus' religious reforms?
What is something that may alter the intended meaning of a message?
What is the name of a company that uses iPods as part of its training?
What was the ANC combating?
In additions, the train line is also connected with which airline services?
Date Records gave rise to the group "Peaches and Herb" in what year?
Who was Wilhelm I?
How many representatives does the Premier League have for the European Club Association for 2012-13?
How did Egyptians dye fabrics yellow?
What is the second question to ask in order to define the two classes?
How many ancient canons exist in the Eastern Church?
What kind of checks help to keep the plane on course?
In which year did British librarians rank To Kill a Mockingbird ahead of the Bible?
How many homes had been rebuilt?
What are mass parties?
How many Toxocara infection cases are reported annually in the US?
How many states have banned bear wrestling as of 2006?
What was Clifford Roberts by profession?
What airport does Ryanair use?
Where are these cell groups found in humans?
When was the first slow-scan video systems researched?
What violent act happened in Seattle's Chinatown in 1983?
What place is Boston in for largest city in the US?
What does midho mean in English?
When was she again on the Time 100 List and on the cover?
What day is accounted in the Gospel of Luke as the ascension?
What does theism mean in general?
The architecture of New Delhi borrows from indigenous sources but fits into what tradition?
Periodic events and periodic motion have served as standards for what?
A movie adaptation of the book was released in what year?
Where was Nigeria's second satellite manufactured?
Who wrote The Refutation of Idealism?
What year saw a film version of The Hunchback of Notre Dame?
When did Winstron Churchill form his government?
What was Whitehead considered as a metaphysician?
What kind of fibers are in the latewood of good oak, making it very firm?
What is the area above the treeline defined as?
When was a settlement developed in Tell Qaramel?
How many stressed phonemes are there in Catalan?
Along with South Dakota, what state rejected a death penalty abolition bill in 2010?
Where is the mission for the European Central Bank found?
What are Airmen expected to be competent in for these Building Partnerships missions?
By setting the clocks forward, the normal time of what daily event is disrupted?
Where did the Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg move his residence to?
What maritime institution of higher education existed in Plymouth as of 1880?
What language is spoken by more Jews in history than any other language?
Who was the son of Yazid?
Who was Marwan I related to?
What was the topic of the first Solvay Conference?
What insures minimal current leak during power rails instalation?
There may be Iron Age findings near Hyderabad, what age are they thought to be from?
What is the main trial court called?
Intraguild species consumer other species within?
When did Edmund Burke start a debate club?
What  domain were the Eritrean highlands under after the decline of Aksum?
Where is Avicenna's Al-Shifa manuscript located?
What product is produced that is exported?
When was Bertie Mee become manager of Arsenal?
What was Nick's coronation song?
Near what body of water did al-Umari say Ifat was located?
What percentage of tuberculosis infections don't ever manifest in symptoms of the disease?
What method formally adds inverses to elements to any monoid?
The first post- reconstruction era republican elected to florida
What country did the Laws of the Game come from?
The forms of the acts included in communication depends on what?
Destiny's Child released a compilation album about which topic?
Previous to 1725, what subject matter was focused on by the concours academiques?
What is the name of the idea that believes all ethnic Somalis should live in the same country?
What is the ultimate result of synnecrosis?
In what country did Dominic experience a great famine?
What is the most recent decade music from which music can be heard on a rhythmic oldies station?
What is the legislative body of the Swiss government called?
Did the GSDP of Delhi in 2011-12 increase or decrease from the previous fiscal year?
The Chinese coverage of torch relay events has been accused by Western reporters as being what?
What kind of targets do Republic Day events present as?
What is the population of Florida
When did Bush accept the Republican nomination?
Which country despite converting to Islam has retained many forms of Hindu practices, culture, art & literature?
Which two former rivers in Palermo are currently building sites?
How many recent Iraqi refugees are in Egypt?
When was x86 2nd generation created?
How did Einstürzende Neubauten come up with their new industrial sound?
While each scene has its own character and completeness, it must fit into what?
The Princess Theatre, Regent Theatre, and Forum Theatre are members of which of Melbourne's theater districts?
What are the concerns with anitbiotics?
What peace keeping effort is the Canadian Military part of?
How many She people are there?
Does this tax exempt status apply to other taxes?
What is knowledge of protective antigens more complete for?
What do people who eat dog meat consider Western culture, since people there do eat many different animals?
What group presented the opening ceremonies of the Parentalia festival?
What did this new law require?
What guides the traction machine?
What doesn't the genetic variation within the human species support?
The Kobylańska Catalogue was named for who?
Faith can bring what eternal benefit?
After the 1950s  what was a typical recording process?
Where did the Pope ask Cardinal Montini to live?
What area did downtown Detroit continue to lose businesses to?
What Greek won the 2002 Knuth prize?
What event caused the recognition to be universal?
Who was confirmed to be the president of the state of Chihuahua?
From what mystical lineage does this name benefactor ascend from ?
What did Holmes do to stop the German Plane?
What word does "Bey Hive" derive from?
What countries share similar levels of GDP with Estonia?
From what language does asphalt initially come?
What was simliar to the english magna cartas habeas corpus?
During the 1920s, for what federal department did Milton Eisenhower work?
What island was once a part of Long Island?
Who are two prominent members of the PLP?
Individual members of enveloping structures are known by what terms?
UNFPA lists elements that promote what human right?
Who wrote the headline "The Truth"?
Where was the only place Tibetan flags were permitted?
In what year did Gaddafi's second resignation occur?
Who was Kerry's commander?
